listen we've got time for one more thing
because you see we have been literally
inundated with a letter it was from
someone who said that there's one star
we never put in our old reasonably
priced car that there's one name missing
from this list yes it's the Stig no one
else knows this track as well as him and
now he's gonna give the Liana a proper
send-off by shelling us what he can
here we go up to the first corner is
where we almost killed one Ritchie with
the wheel fell off but no problems for
steggy smooth and he's controlled
that's no problem
I can't find my son
even attack easter
to Chicago see us taking songs on the
understeer ringing out the time the
emotional engine using every inch of the
track and the search of the world
non-issue mistake he spent so much time
here is named every single blade
that must be
it's kind of
Alan the dandelion her Stuart cause it'd
anyway he comes Woods quick second to
last corner look at the waves drifting
isn't yes
in the studio
so where do you think you've come pick
me beating Ellen MacArthur 146 do you
think maybe you went faster than Nigel
Mansell on the top gear f1 board there
one 44.6 okay ah well let's cut to the
chase you did it in one minute and most
of our guests lean forward a little at
this point because they're anticipating
it one minute forty now Nigel Mansell
was 44.6 you were 44 coy oh he's not
bothered so is he not interested how
fast he did it well the my mind I am he
did it in one minute 44.4 the fastest
car